## Version 0.12.0 (2022-12-04)

### Editor
Can run as a [portable](xref:portable) app.

Allows to test-execute [class files](xref:class_project) without a test script etc.


### Library
New functions:
- **ScriptEditor.IsPortable**.
- **script.isRunning**.
- **AutotextTriggers.MenuOptions**.
- **filesystem.more.comparePaths**.
- **filesystem.more.isSameFile**.
- **filesystem.more.createSymbolicLink**.
- **folders.Editor**.
- **folders.noAutoCreate**.
- **folders.unexpandPath**: added 1 overload.
- **clipboard.copyData**: added 1 overload.

New classes:
- **TempFile**.
- **TAMenuOptions** (for autotext triggers).

New parameters:
- **clipboard** functions: *timeoutMS*.
- **filesystem.more.getFinalPath**: *format*.

Added flag **PMFlags.WindowCenter** to show popup menu in the center of the active window.

**folders.getFolder** and functions that support paths like `@"%folders.Documents%\file.txt"` now also support properties that return string.

### Bug fixes and improvements

Editor:
- Several small improvements.
- Fixed several bugs.

Library:
- Improved: **miscInfo.getTextCursorRect** supports more windows. It is used to get menu position, for example with autotext triggers.
- Fixed regression: **pathname.unprefixLongPath** and functions that use it don't support paths like "\\?\UNC\...".
- Improved: **pathname.getRootLength** supports more path types.


### Breaking changes

Default **folders.ThisAppX** subfolders used in scripts changed from `"Au"` to `@"LibreAutomate\_script"`. If the old folder exists and the new doesn't, editor when starting copies files and prints a note.
