## Version 0.14.0 (2023-04-07)

### Editor
Menu **Edit > Find symbol**.

Menu **Edit > Find references**.

Menu **Edit > Find implementations**.

Menu **Edit > Rename symbol**.

Menu **Edit > Go to base**.

Highlights references of the symbol at the text cursor.

Highlights matching braces and directives of the brace/directive at the text cursor.

Multiple pages in the **Found** panel.

Now `/*/ pr /*/` can be used in any file of a project, not just in the main file.

Improved:
- Replacing text in multiple files. Multi-file undo/redo.
- Implement interface.
- Folding margin context menu.
- And more.

New options:
- **Options > Font, colors > highlight, selection**.
- **Options > Code editor > Formatting**.
- **Options > Hotkeys > Capture image**.

### Library
New members:
- Event **computer.suspendResumeEvent**.
- Flag **IFFlags.Parallel** for **uiimage.find**.

New parameters:
- **string.FindWord**: *isWordChar* (callback).
- **wpfBuilder.Options**: *showToolTipOnKeyboardFocus*. And changed the default behavior of tooltips on keyboard focus.

### Bug fixes

Editor:
- Fixed: cannot use NuGet packages that depend on .NET 7 assemblies.
- Fixed: error message box on exit.
- Fixed several memory leaks and other bugs.

Library:
- Fixed "TextForFind" bug in documentation.
- Several improvements.


### Breaking changes
When converting **int**/**uint** to **ColorInt**, now by default sets alpha 255 only if it is 0 in the specified value. It allows to specify alpha in implicit conversion.
