## Version 1.1.0 (2024-02-10) to 1.1.8 (2024-03-10)

### Editor
New features:
- Automatically updates environment variables in LA and task processes whenever they are changed in the registry.
- Editor extensions can use **Panels.Recipe.OpeningRecipe** to intercept and replace cookbook recipe text.
- (1.1.8) **Options > Compiler > Always print "Compiled"**.
- (1.1.8) The output tag `<fold>` can have custom link text, like `<><fold link text>...</fold>`.

Improved:
- Several improvements.

Fixed bugs:
- Cannot set exe version with **Publish**.
- IME does not work when editing a file name.
- (1.1.1) Exception when trying to end a script task if the main window never was visible.
- (1.1.1) LA crashes when called **script.debug** if the main window never was visible.
- (1.1.2) When editing a file name, cannot use some hotkeys, eg `Ctrl+C`, `Delete`.
- (1.1.3) LA crashes when using Git.
- (1.1.4) "Auto-backup" does not work.
- (1.1.7) Sometimes LA crashes when closing a tool like "find window".
- (1.1.8) Exception when formatting certain code without option "Compact".

Removed features:
- Preload **miniProgram** script task process to make task startup faster. Sometimes this feature caused problems. Inactive windows, old environment variables etc. Now the startup speed is the same as when role is **exeProgram**.
- (1.1.4) Middle-click the tray icon to disable/enable triggers (it didn't work on Windows 11). Instead use the right-click menu.

### Library
New members:
- (1.1.8) **OKey.TextShiftEnter** (`opt.key.TextShiftEnter`).

New parameters:
- **toolbar** constructor: *settingsFile*.

Improved:
- **miscInfo.getTextCursorRect** works with more apps.

Fixed bugs:
- Console functions in some cases incorrectly detect encoding UTF-16.
- (1.1.6) **ExplorerFolder.GetFolderPath** returns incorrect string if the path contains certain non-ASCII characters.
- (1.1.7) Code like `e.Elm.FindAll()` throws **InvalidOperationException**.

Removed features:
- (1.1.4) Middle-click the tray icon to end the task (it didn't work on Windows 11). Instead use the right-click menu.

### Breaking changes
(1.1.3) Console functions now don't try to detect encoding UTF-16. Because impossible to detect reliably.
