## Version 1.7.0 (2024-12-07) to 1.7.1 (2024-12-21)

### Editor
New cookbook recipes:
- Web browser automation with Playwright.

Improved:
- Menu **Run > Publish**: added **Self-extract**.

#### v1.7.1:
- Fixed bug in the **Publish** tool: error if assembly attributes like `AssemblyVersion` are not in `AssemblyInfo.cs`.

### Library
New classes:
- **CpuUsage**.

New members:
- **opt.PasteSleep**. Makes "paste" functions slower (default 100 ms) but more reliable.

Improved:
- **opt.key/mouse/warnings** now are managed differently, and work well with `await` and thread pool tasks. Each new thread and task inherits a copy of **opt.key/mouse/warnings** of the parent thread/task, which then is isolated from parent and other threads/tasks. Now **opt.init** is obsolete and is the same as **opt**.
- **mouse.save/restore/lastXY** now works well with `await`. Now the saved data is shared by all threads.
- **clipboard.paste** and other "paste" functions now can work with apps where previously failed. Change **opt.PasteSleep** where still fails.
- Auto-enabling UI elements in Chrome/Edge works better. With new browser versions it used to fail sometimes.

### Breaking changes
Because of the **opt.key/mouse/warnings** management change, initial options in threads and tasks now may be different.

When auto-enabling UI elements in Chrome/Edge, some rarely used features are enabled later (asynchronously). HTML attributes, **DefaultAction**, maybe more. Your code that uses them may have to wait or retry. To enable everything instantly, run browser with command line `--force-renderer-accessibility`.